How It Works
Interested in connecting with a larger audience? Post A Need and reach out to the local community!

A participant is a school, agency, or community needs.
All participants must register and be verified before being allowed to post needs. Participation is free.

If you are not a school or agency, you will not be allowed to post needs. Listed below are examples of who may qualify to post needs. Please contact us if you have any questions.

Animal Shelter – A legalized licensed shelter for animals.
Schools – Any type of education institution, such as grade schools, middle schools, and trade schools or colleges.
Agencies – Food banks, homeless shelters, hospitals, women’s shelters, and any local community needs.
Urgent Needs – Any above categories with a limited time for funding.

To create a new Need, you must first register for an account: Register Now
To view all Projects (Needs) and to Donate to one, you do not need to register: Donate

About Aid2Assist
Our Mission
To connect donors to community needs.
How it works
Donors or Participants?

Donors
A donor can be anyone who would like to contribute to posted needs. A donor may fulfill all or part of the need within allotted time. Registration is not required to donate. If the posted need is never fully funded, the total collected amount will still go to designated recipients. For year-round needs, any donations made can be collected by recipients when funds are needed.

Participants
A participant is a school, agency, or community needs. All participants must register and be verified before being allowed to post needs. Participation is free.

If you are not a school or agency, you will not be allowed to post needs. Listed below are examples of who may qualify to post needs. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Animal Shelter- A legalized licensed shelter for animals.
Schools- Any type of education institution, such as grade schools, middle schools, high schools, and trade schools or colleges.
Agencies- Food banks, homeless shelters, hospitals, women’s shelters, and any local community needs.
Urgent Needs- Any above categories with a limited time for funding.
What percentage of the donation will reach the recipients?
92% of donations collected will reach the designated recipients. Aid2Assist collects 5% for operating cost, and 2.9% + 0.30 to cover transaction fees through paying service such as PayPal and credit cards.

Accountability and transparency
All funding transactions are handled by the paying service, PayPal. Donors can request transaction or payment history through PayPal. Participants may provide perks or rewards for donations.

Will donor’s information be known or published?
Donors will always have the choice of anonymity, or have their identity clearly shown. Some businesses or individuals may wish to advertise what they contribute to their communities. To facilitate that, we will provide testimonials on our website.

How did it start?
There are many unfilled needs in every community. Churches and charities, in particular, are stressed, and government agencies designed to help community are underfunded, with no long-term solution in sight. Many want to contribute to charities, but how much of their donations will ever reach the folks they want to help? The issue of trust is a major obstacle to giving to charities.

These are the issues that Aid2Assist will address.

Our website will make a difference. We are the meeting point, the nexus for donors to contribute directly to their community needs, or to any need posted on the site. It’s easy. You make donations in the comfort of your home. It is safe, quick, and efficient way to give–and you give with the knowledge that 92% of your donations will reach their intended recipients!